---
author: [Alfresco Documentation, Alfresco Documentation]
audience: 
category: 
option: 
---

# Using rules

In the document library you can define rules on folders to provide creative solutions for automating and managing your content.

A content rule is made up of three main elements:

-   The event that triggers the rule
-   The conditions on the content for the rule to match
-   The actions that are performed on the content

You can apply any number of conditions to a rule.

The following events can trigger a rule:

-   A content item arrives in the folder
-   A content item leaves the folder because it is moved or deleted
-   A content item in the folder is modified

For example, you could set up rules to manage content in the following ways:

-   All content items placed in the *Drafts* folder are versioned
-   All content items placed in the *Drafts* folder become part of a simple workflow
-   All presentation documents placed in the *Published* folder will be transformed to Flash and copied to the *Assets* folder

-   **[Defining rules for a folder](../tasks/library-folder-rules-define.md)**  
To automate and manage your Document Library content, define rules at the folder level. You can do this by creating rules for the selected folder or by linking the folder to an existing rule set from another folder.
-   **[Managing rules](../tasks/library-folder-rules-manage.md)**  
Once a folder has rules, the **Manage Rules** action displays the Rules page. The information provided and the actions available on this page vary depending on whether the rules are defined for or linked to the folder.
-   **[Creating a simple workflow](../tasks/library-folder-rules-simpleworkflow.md)**  
A workflow is a work procedure where workflow steps represent the activities users must follow in order to achieve the desired outcome. Simple workflow is generated by a folder that has a defined workflow rule. The rule dictates how the content entering, leaving, or currently residing in the folder is managed.

**Parent topic:**[Working with folders](../concepts/library-folder-intro.md)

