---
author: [Alfresco Documentation, Alfresco Documentation]
audience: 
category: [Authentication and Security, Authentication, Developer]
keyword: [overview, authentication]
---

# Setting up authentication and security

Use this information to manage authentication in Alfresco Content Services, and to configure keystores for repository encryption.

The first time you access a clean Alfresco Content Services installation, you can identify yourself by entering a new user name and password in the Sign in screen. If you sign in with the credentials of a user with administrator privileges, you can create additional users and assign them passwords. In this out-of-the-box set up, you can manage the user base and their passwords manually.

**Note:** Choose a strong, unique password for your admin account, and consider changing it regularly.

From here, there are a number of common customizations you might want to make to scale up to the needs of a larger enterprise. For example, you might want to:

-   Enable automatic sign-on using operating system credentials or a Single Sign-On \(SSO\) server to remove the need for a Sign in screen
-   Delegate authentication responsibility to a central directory server to remove the need to set up users manually
-   Protect your repository and Solr communications using encryption

-   **[Alfresco Content Services security](../concepts/secur-about.md)**  
Alfresco Content Services security comprises a combination of authentication and authorization.
-   **[Mitigating brute force attack on user passwords](../concepts/brute-force-passwords.md)**  
Alfresco Content Services 5.2.7 provides basic out-of-the-box protection against brute force attacks on password logins.
-   **[Managing Alfresco keystores](../concepts/alf-keystores.md)**  
The out-of-the-box Alfresco Content Services installation has a pre-configured main keystore, which contains a secret key generated by Alfresco Content Services. If you want to use encrypted properties, you should create your own keystore with your own password, and update the metadata file appropriately.
-   **[Cryptographic password hashing](../concepts/bcrypt-overview.md)**  
Alfresco Content Services uses cryptographic password hashing technique to securely store passwords.
-   **[Encrypting properties](../concepts/encrypt-properties.md)**  
The alfresco-global.properties file \(and other subsystem properties file\) holds configuration properties that contain sensitive information or passwords, such as `db.password`. All the properties that can be specified in the alfresco-global.properties file can be encrypted.
-   **[Authentication subsystems](../concepts/auth-subsystem-intro.md)**  
Authentication is one of the categories of the Alfresco Content Services subsystem. An authentication subsystem is a coordinated stack of compatible components responsible for providing authentication and identity-related functionality to Alfresco Content Services.
-   **[Authentication chain](../concepts/auth-subsystem-chain.md)**  
The authentication subsystem types allow you to integrate Alfresco Content Services with the authentication servers in your environment. However, if integrating with only one of these systems is not sufficient, you might want to combine multiple authentication protocols against a collection of servers.
-   **[Configuring authentication subsystems](../concepts/auth-config-examples.md)**  
A number of examples demonstrate how to express various authentication configuration requirements in subsystem instances in the authentication chain. They also explain how the authentication chain integrates the functions of multiple subsystem instances into a more powerful conglomerate, letting you cater for even the most complex authentication scenarios.
-   **[Configuring synchronization](../concepts/sync-intro.md)**  
The synchronization subsystem manages the synchronization of Alfresco Content Services with all the user registries \(LDAP servers\) in the authentication chain.
-   **[Managing authentication directories](../concepts/adminconsole-directorymgt.md)**  
 Use Directory Management in the Admin Console to set up authentication chains, and configure external SSO, CIFS and FTP authentication. The Directory Management feature gives you the ability to configure and test connections to various directory services. 
-   **[Authorities](../concepts/secur-authorities.md)**  
Authorities are people \(or persons\) or groups.
-   **[Defining permissions](../concepts/secur-permissions.md)**  
 Permissions and their groupings are defined in an XML configuration file.
-   **[Access Control Lists](../concepts/secur-acl.md)**  
An Access Control List \(ACL\) is an ordered list of one or more Access Control Entries \(ACE\). An ACE associates a single authority to a single permission group or permission, and states whether the permission is to be allowed or denied. All nodes have an associated ACL.
-   **[Modifying access control](../concepts/secur-acl-modifying.md)**  
Modifying access control can involve changing definitions, adding services, defining types and aspects, or adding definitions to new or existing security interceptors.
-   **[Public services](../concepts/secur-public-service.md)**  
Security is enforced around public services. Web services, web scripts, Alfresco Share, CIFS, WebDAV, FTP, CMIS, and more, all use public services, and therefore include security enforcement.
-   **[Implementation and services](../concepts/secur-implserv.md)**  
Alfresco Content Services enforces security services for managing authentication information.
-   **[Admin password in default authentication](../concepts/admin-password.md)**  
The Admin user password is used by the default authentication system.
-   **[Security policies and filters](../concepts/share-policies.md)**  
You can configure a number of policies and filters in Alfresco Share to mitigate security attacks. You can also configure filters in Alfresco Repository to mitigate security attacks when the Alfresco Content Services ReST API is accessed externally.

**Parent topic:**[Administering](../concepts/ch-administering.md)

