---
author: Alfresco Documentation
---

# Tutorials

A series of hands-on tutorials taking you through various practical applications of the Aikau UI framework.

CAUTION:

These tutorials require at least Alfresco Community 5.0.c and Alfresco SDK 2.0 in order to work.

These tutorials are hands-on. They use the Alfresco SDK, the sample Share application generated by the SDK's Share archetype, and Eclipse, to take you through the process of creating some simple Aikau pages. If you do not use Eclipse it is still possible to follow along by running commands on the command line and using your favourite editor to create the required code. It is recommended that before embarking on these tutorials you familiarize yourself with the [Alfresco SDK](alfresco-sdk-intro.md), and in particular using the [Share archetype](../tasks/alfresco-sdk-tutorials-share-amp-archetype.md). However, creating the required project that you will work with in the following tutorials is the subject of the [first Aikau tutorial](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-project.md).

CAUTION:

These tutorials require at least Alfresco Community 5.0.c and Alfresco SDK 2.0 in order to work.

-   **[Creating a new Aikau project](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-project.md)**  
This tutorial demonstrates how to create a new Aikau project.
-   **[Widget visibility](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-visibility.md)**  
This tutorial demonstrates visibility.
-   **[Horizontal layout](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-horizontal-layout.md)**  
This tutorial demonstrates horizontal layout of widgets.
-   **[Role-based rendering](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-role-based-rendering.md)**  
This tutorial demonstrates role-based rendering. With role-based rendering you can control the items that are displayed based on user groups.
-   **[Simple form](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-simple-form.md)**  
This tutorial demonstrates creating a simple form.
-   **[CRUD service - get](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-crud-get.md)**  
This tutorial looks at using the `CrudService` to retrieve data lists.
-   **[CRUD service - delete](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-crud-delete.md)**  
This tutorial shows you how to delete a data list using an action item.
-   **[CRUD service - update](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-crud-update.md)**  
This tutorial shows you how to update items using the `CrudService`.
-   **[CRUD service - create](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-crud-create.md)**  
This tutorial shows you how to create items using the `CrudService`.
-   **[Data List - 1](../tasks/aikau-tutorials-data-list-1.md)**  
This tutorial shows you how to enhance a data list view using a custom Aikau widget.
-   **[Share Page Creator](../tasks/dev-extensions-share-tutorials-page-creator.md)**  
The Share Page Creator allows you to create pages for Share using a graphical user interface.
-   **[JSON Editor](../tasks/dev-extensions-share-tutorials-json-editor.md)**  
The JSON Editor allows you to create Share Pages by directly entering the JSON code for the page model directly.

**Parent topic:**[Introducing Aikau](../concepts/aikau-intro.md)

