---
author: Alfresco Documentation
---

# Administering

This section describes the processes and procedures for maintaining and administering an Alfresco production environment.

-   **[Starting and stopping Alfresco](../concepts/start-stop-intro.md)**  
This section describes how to run the Alfresco server and Share.
-   **[Configuring Alfresco](../concepts/ch-configuration.md)**  
This section describes how to configure Alfresco.
-   **[Alfresco Day Zero Configuration Guide](../concepts/zeroday-overview.md)**  
By default, Alfresco configuration is optimized for single user evaluation of Alfresco. This configuration minimizes resource usage at the expense of scalability \(particularly scalability in the presence of large concurrent traffic volumes\). Therefore, for any other use of Alfresco \(including but not limited to QA, performance/scalability testing, production, production mirror, and disaster recovery\), Alfresco strongly recommends that additional configuration be performed.
-   **[Setting up Alfresco authentication and security](../concepts/auth-intro.md)**  
The first time you access a vanilla Alfresco installation, you can identify yourself by entering a new user name and password in the Login screen. If you log in with the credentials of a user with administrator privileges, you can create additional users and assign them passwords.
-   **[Setting up clustering](../concepts/ha-intro.md)**  
This section describes how to implement multiple Alfresco instances in a clustered environment.
-   **[Configuring search](../concepts/solr-home.md)**  
From Alfresco One 5.0, Solr 4 is the default search subsystem. This section provides an overview on the Solr 4 search service and describes how to configure it.
-   **[Managing Alfresco keystores](../concepts/alf-keystores.md)**  
The out-of-the-box Alfresco installation has a pre-configured main keystore, which contains a secret key generated by Alfresco. If you want to use encrypted properties, you should create your own keystore with your own password, and update the metadata file appropriately.
-   **[Setting up Enterprise to Cloud Sync](../concepts/cloud-sync-intro.md)**  
Enterprise to Cloud Sync gives Alfresco on-premise users the ability to synchronize their content to Alfresco in the Cloud. This feature supports scenarios where users wish to collaborate on documents with external parties that do not have access to systems behind the firewall. In these circumstances, the on-premise Alfresco instance becomes the system of record, and the cloud instance is the system of engagement for external collaboration.
-   **[Managing transformations](../concepts/managing-transformations.md)**  
When you are working with transformations, it is important to understand how file types map to one another and the transformation formats that each file type supports.
-   **[Creating and managing workflows](../topics/wf-howto.md)**  
 Alfresco comes with a set of predefined workflow definitions which can be used right out of the box. For more complex requirements, you can also create, deploy, and manage your own Activiti workflows.
-   **[Backing up and restoring](../concepts/ch-backup-restore.md)**  
This section describes the process for backing up the Alfresco content repository only. It assumes that components other than the data residing in Alfresco \(operating system, database, JDK, application server, Alfresco binaries and configuration, etc.\) are being backed up independently.
-   **[Migrating](../concepts/migrating.md)**  
This section describes how to perform various migration procedures for Alfresco servers and databases.
-   **[Using the Bulk Import tool](../concepts/Bulk-Import-Tool.md)**  
 The Bulk Import tool provides a mechanism for bulk importing existing content into a repository from the Alfresco server's file system.
-   **[Using content stores](../concepts/manage-cs-home.md)**  
A content store provides low-level access to stored binaries ensuring that, for every write, a new binary storage location is made available. This section gives an overview on the content stores, their types, and configuration details with examples.
-   **[Configuring templated nodes and space templates](../concepts/templated-nodes-intro.md)**  
With templated nodes and space templates you can store content and folder templates in Alfresco repositories that users can then use to create content.
-   **[Setting up Alfresco multi-tenancy](../concepts/mt-intro.md)**  
Alfresco supports a single-instance, single-tenant \(ST\) environment where each tenant \(for example, customer, company, or organization\) runs a single instance that is installed on one server or across a cluster of servers.
-   **[Setting up content replication](../concepts/admintools-replication-config.md)**  
You can automatically replicate folders and content between repositories using replication jobs. These jobs are controlled by the replication service, which finds content that needs to be replicated and then calls the transfer service to carry out the replication. Alfresco replication suits an environment where you are running multiple, separate instances of Alfresco and then replicating a subset of the content between these servers.
-   **[Configuring the File System Transfer Receiver](../concepts/FSTR-intro.md)**  
The File System Transfer Receiver transfers folders and content from an Alfresco core repository \(the DM\) to configured targets using the Transfer Service, for example, a remote file system.
-   **[Monitoring Alfresco](../concepts/monitoring-intro.md)**  
This section describes the various methods for monitoring Alfresco.
-   **[Auditing Alfresco](../concepts/audit-intro.md)**  
Alfresco provides the ability to audit activity. This section describes how Alfresco generates, stores, and retrieves auditing information.

**Parent topic:**[Alfresco One](../concepts/welcome.md)

