<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="rm-audit-access">
  <title>Running an audit</title>

  <abstract><shortdesc>The Audit tool displays by default when you open the Records Management
      Console.</shortdesc></abstract>
  <prolog>
    <author>Alfresco Documentation</author>
    <source/>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2011"/>
      <copyrholder>Alfresco Software, Inc.</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
    <metadata>
      <audience experiencelevel="novice" job="using" type="user"/>
      <category>User Help</category>
      <keywords>
        <option>Records Management</option>
      </keywords>
      <prodinfo>
        <prodname>ECM</prodname>
        <vrmlist>
          <vrm modification="2011/01/21" release="Enterprise Community" version="3.4.0"/>
        </vrmlist>
      </prodinfo>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>

  <taskbody>
    <context>When you run an audit you can select to run a full audit or you can filter the
      results.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>If you want to filter the audit results then choose from one or more of the following
          options:</cmd>
        <info>   <p><simpletable>
          <sthead>
            
            <stentry>Filter action</stentry>
          </sthead>
          
          <strow>
            
            <stentry>By default only the first 20 log entries are displayed. Use this option to
                  select the number of displayed entries.</stentry>
          </strow>
          
          <strow>
            
            <stentry>Select from and to dates for actions to include in the audit.</stentry>
          </strow>
          
          <strow>
            
            <stentry>Click <uicontrol>Specify</uicontrol> and search for then select a user you want
                  to audit, then click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</stentry>
          </strow>
          
          <strow>
            
            <stentry>Select an event type to audit. You can only select one event type.</stentry>
          </strow>
        </simpletable></p></info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>When you've selected the audit filters you want, click
          <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        <info>
          <note>If you don't want to filter the results, then just click
              <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> without making any filter selections.</note>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>

    <result>The most recent entries in the log (up to 20) display in chronological order. You can
      see who performed each event, the user's role, and when it was performed. You can also click a
      column header to sort the results.<note type="tip">Click <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> to see
        more information on a specific event.</note></result>
  </taskbody>
</task>