<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="rm-amp-uninstall">
  <title>Uninstalling the Records Management AMP files</title>

  <abstract><shortdesc>The Records Management AMP files can be uninstalled using the Module
      Management Tool (MMT).</shortdesc></abstract>

  <taskbody>
    <context><p>Records Management (RM) consists of two AMP files, which are applied during
        installation. One of the AMP files, representing the core RM functionality, is applied to
        the Alfresco WAR file, and the other, representing the RM Share UI component is applied to
        the Share WAR file. Both of the AMPs need to be removed in order to uninstall RM. This is
        achieved using the Module Management Tool (MMT). For uninstalling a module the usage is as
        follows:</p>
      <p>
        <codeblock>usage: uninstall &lt;ModuleId&gt; &lt;WARFileLocation&gt;</codeblock></p></context>

    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Change into the root of the Alfresco installation directory.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Change into the <filepath>.\bin</filepath> directory of your Alfresco
          installation.</cmd>
        <info>This is where the Module Management Tool (MMT) is located. </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Establish the presence of the core RM AMP file, and make a note of its Module ID, using
          the following command:</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock>
java -jar alfresco-mmt.jar list ..\tomcat\webapps\alfresco.war
          </codeblock>
          <p>This shows the core RM component:</p>
          <codeblock>
Module 'org_alfresco_module_rm' installed in '..\tomcat\webapps\alfresco.war'
   -    Title:        Records Management
   -    Version:      2.1
   -    Install Date: Mon Sep 02 12:04:49 BST 2013
   -    Description:   Alfresco Record Management Extension            
          </codeblock>
        </info>
        <stepresult>You need to know the Module ID in order to uninstall the AMP file.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Establish the presence of the RM Share UI AMP file, and make a note of its Module ID,
          using the following command:</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock>
java -jar alfresco-mmt.jar list ..\tomcat\webapps\share.war
        </codeblock>
          <p>This shows the Share UI component:</p>
          <codeblock>
Module 'org_alfresco_module_rm_share' installed in '..\tomcat\webapps\share.war'
 -    Title:        Alfresco Record Management Share Extension
 -    Version:      2.1
 -    Install Date: Mon Sep 02 12:05:24 BST 2013
 -    Description:   Alfresco Record Management Share Extension           
          </codeblock>
        </info>
        <stepresult>You need to know the Module ID in order to uninstall the AMP file.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>To uninstall the RM core AMP file, type the following command:</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock>
java -jar alfresco-mmt.jar uninstall org_alfresco_module_rm ..\tomcat\webapps\alfresco.war            
          </codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>To uninstall the RM Share AMP file, type the following command:</cmd>
        <info>
          <codeblock>
java -jar alfresco-mmt.jar uninstall org_alfresco_module_rm_share ..\tomcat\webapps\share.war            
          </codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>Records Management has now been uninstalled.</result>
  </taskbody>
</task>